new quickstart guides (#3060)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-into-spa-redirect/index.md

---

> title: Sign users into your SPA using the redirect model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Sign users in to your SPA using the redirect model
```

> excerpt: Configure your Okta org and your single-page app to use Okta’s redirect sign in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: Configure your Okta org and your single-page app to use Okta’s redirect sign-in flow.
```
